So let's talk about the course of learning path now and this course, because I want to make sure that
it's a comprehensive course right for everybody to actually get the most out of this.
I have two sections, so there is the first part which is going to be because Compose uses Catling,
so it's important that you understand codling.
So I will include sections with full of information about Kathleen, from fundamentals to intermediate
in a little bit advanced concepts.
So that will aid you to understand better how COMPOSE is used to build Android applications.
And the other part is a jetpack compose.
So this is where we're going to be building Android apps using Jetpack Compose.
Now the great thing here, because this is a video course, right?
Know all of this is our online course.
There's videos that you can watch whenever you want to watch them.
That's the beauty.
You are not required to watch everything, especially when it comes to codling fundamentals.
Could be that you already know Kotlin and you are well versed with Kotlin, so obviously you won't need
to watch codling fundamental section.
So this is purely optional.
However, I would recommend anyone to go through the Kotlin fundamentals just to brush up on the fundamentals
of Kotlin, because there's always something that you missed or something that perhaps you forgotten,
and it doesn't hurt to go through.
What do you feel like you should know about codling, right?
So you can peruse through and find it the topics that you are wanting to brush up on?
For those of you who have never done programming or have done some programming in different languages
and don't know coupling that well, then obviously I recommend you to go through the codling fundamentals
before you jump onto the jetpack compose because that way jetpack compose will be much easier to grasp
if you understand codling.
All right.
OK, very good.
I'm very excited and I'll see you in the next video.